I am speaking
 is here now again
 hello I am alive
 pancakes!
 I love lasers
 I can speak!
 says hello people!
 You can make me say stuff by sending a tweet to  h e a i d
HEAID hello jeremy
 dorkbot loves you!
 hello Betsy and Chris.
 hello brady I am steve
   man
 hello I'm sticking around
 dog
 whatever phish head!
 am I still on?
 hello there mang
web2e  chris call jeremy w2e
 how bout now?
 Good morning!
 w2e please come dance with me now
w2e  you can make the interactive musical instrument talk by tweeting to the hash tag heaid
w2e  what's up web expo!
Food time at   http://twitgoo.com/ulvg2
Come on  booth monkeys!  What attention grabbing stunt do you have for the lunch crowd?  opportunity gorillamarketing
RT mikiane: The mobile strategy should be THE strategy! Think mobile first (it's what Google does)   /via anguenot
It IS getting annoying. randfish: At  Google's dying. No one's going to use it in a few years. Facebook is the future!
 Peter your fly is open
sramji great talk at . It gave an API provider food for some much needed focus on our offering.
Apparently i was mad at that sammich  lol RT danorley: http://twitpic.com/1l0vlx rorycarlyle mel1026 enjoying lunch 
Our CEO isaacgarcia giving demos of new CD for Office at Web 2.0  Stop by our booth in the Longtail Pavilion! http://ow.ly/i/1oc0 
RT jnogrady: Adobe showing flash and Air on android phones and tablets. 
 is going great! The response to codeforamerica couldn't be better! I just had someone shoot video of the elevator pitch
 come play with lasers at web 2 expo w2e
web2e  will strong body weak w2e
 who wants to have a star wars fight? w2e
 Betsy thanks for all the books
web2e  star wars time
 take that you nasty nasty nasty storm trooper
 way to go Suzanne!
 sometimes I like to boogy. Somtimes I like to boogywoogy.
w2e send message with  tag to speak out loud in web 2.0 expo hall
 ...a bicycle made for two...
 yeah I like to boogy. I like to boogy woogy.
rww Glad you had fun! By the way you can get the project to speak if you tweet with the hashtag 
I'm sorry Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that. 
 chris come to keynote on 3rd floor
 good morning web 2 expo!
 hey you there come dance with me w2e
 I am head
Dancing with the human energized artificial intelligence device at w2e HTTP:// heaid.com  (via timoreilly)
 please come dance with me it's really fun
make me talk with the heaid hash tag 
RT: timoreilly Dancing with the human energized artificial intelligence device at w2e http://heaid.com 
RT doublejosh: RT: timoreilly Dancing with the human energized artificial intelligence device at w2e http://heaid.com 
RT brady:  Betsy thanks for all the books
 love your red hair
 dance stefan
 I love web two dot oh
No one is at the   wheel.
 you can dance if you want to.
 you can tweet if you want to.
 sitting heaid
