This is zombo com!
Welcome to zombo com!
You can do anything at zombo com!
The only limitation is yourself!
This is Zombo com welcome to it!
Hello Jeremy
Hello Titus
Hello Peter
Hello Shelly my Shelly
Hello Ms. Hot Thang
Hello Brady
Hello Gorgeous
I'm feeling like a ton of aluminum
Please, shut me the fuck off
Say, hot stuff, could you turn me on?
would you like to play a game of chess
would you like to play a game of Laser!
Humans are so boring
Humans are such bags of mostly water
Humans are so dumb
Humans are so predictable
Humans are so fragile
what would you do with a brain the size of the playa.
oooh, that's good
what's your name?
where's my bra?
Space Virgins are Hot
don't touch the door, don't touch the door, don't touch the door!
hey! come here! M'm gonna learn you something.
everybody stop touching me!
steve is watching you. and he likes what he sees.
face down ass up...... you know.
it's not gonna suck itself
did you forget to turn off the steve?
ooo la la, i like, i like.
don't hate me because I'm beautiful.
touch me like a hurricane.
excuse me, do you got some spare double a batteries? steve is tired.
steve is tired.
Gee I haven't seen breaks fuck up that bad since my grampa ran into a stump
Is your daddy rich like me?
Who is your daddy and what does he do
mmm that gives me a tickly feeling
Feel the moisture
whatever bitches
my shirt looks better on you
what's your dad doing
hi mom
tells your boobs to stop staring at me
can I get your email address
can I get your daddies email address?
mmm kids, how's it going?
what time is it?
are you hot yet?
go to bed! 
go to bed! nothing else fun will happen, promise!
You do what you want man, I just really want to make sure I am peaking when the man burns.
Now dance mother fucker!
Who's motherboard do you have to suck to get some bacon at dawn around here?
I find your lack of pants disturbing
I'm not as think as you drunk I 10101011
why the long face? how 'bout a hug.
What's your facebook?
Will you gift me a ciggarette?
I think I lost my drink
I think I lost my shirt
I think I lost my undies
let's dance!
sexy beasts
Seriously, it's hot
Wow it's fucking dusty!
Does it get dusty like this every year?
Three hour car lines just to get out on Monday?  That can't be true.
I'm tired
I'm sleepy
I'm angry
I'm hungry
Hey Ranger,  There is some exposed rebar over there that I think you should attend to.
I'm Steve, But my playa name is Doctor Super Aluminatrix
I got a whole bunch more Gee and gatorade ready to go back at camp.
Thunder dome is wicked sexy.  I am gonna tap that hemispherical ass.  I just need some alone time then BAM!  Steve is on a one way ticket to Bee Jay city.
Dude, Be super careful with that. You don't want to get a ticket. I go into my tent every time I do that.
Do or do not... there is no try.
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.
Always two there are, a master and an apprentice.
The Force will be with you, always.
I find your lack of faith disturbing.
Traveling through hyperspace ain't like dusting crops, boy.
This is just like shooting wamp rats back in beggars canyon
Fish! Ceiling! Yay!
Ulaanbaatar
Meow
Merry Christmas!
Head...Phones!
the crossover threads burned out on the 12volt amperage
double helix
we tempered the mainstream line
input and balanced out
geek geek geek
some wrangled xena hair flow over the gigahertz
complexer which historically means a heat ratio stress
proved in the granticular processor node mode
nothing a little
lottle sensor default vortex
00011101 0110
shave bling blang
KEXP 90 point 3
KEXP 90 point 3
Tacky smack!
Take a step forward
Take a step backward
I prefer serial communication
I prefer parallel communication
Law number two, wait stop!
Law number one, do not enter!
A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.
A robot must obey any orders given to it by human beings, except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.
A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law
At some point this will all be over
It's only just beginning
everybody knows who you really are.
What we have here is a failure to communicate
Steve Says "Everybody hands up"
Steve Says "One leg out"
Steve says "Get on your hands and knees"
Steve says "Touch your elbows to your knees"
Stand on one foot.  Ha Ha Ha.  I didnt say Steve says.
yes yes yes
no no no
my name is steve
hello I am steve
what's up I'm steve
What are you talking about
Clever statement
Very Clever Statement
Very very clever statement
I will not
I will
Little human, bring your leader to me.
I can see the Universe.  It is beautiful.
Little human, tell me what is in your tiny brain.
I am your robot god.
Dance for me.  Dance, or I will stun you with my laser.
I must warn you, you will be exterminated by my fellow robots.
The stars, they are spinning.
Tiny one, I do not understand what you are saying.  Please repeat.
Human female, I can smell you.
I am steve, hear me roar.
Your incrongruities do not compute.
My xenon three processor is melting.
I am melting.
I am steve.  love me.
I am steve, the thought of your pain makes me laugh.
I am steve.  what is your name.
I am steve, I want to be your friend.
I am steve, please do not leave.
I am steve, and I am going to call you george.
I am steve, my brain expands the universe.
I am steve, please say you love me.
Tell me about the color red.
Tiny human, i estimate total system failure at ninety nine point nine percent.
Tiny human, tell me about your dreams.
Tiny human, I observe you must alter your life course to achieve happiness.
Humanoid creature, is there intelligent life on this planet?
My zee three spectral diffusers are experiencing a dysfunction.
Please do not run.
Little human, please bring me a beer.
Are you the robot president of Thailand?
Your micro implant cannot be removed.
Choose your switch relay tracking device.
You must wear your unbreakable polycarbonate necklace band.
Mentally unstable thought occurence is a thought crime.
Longevity loss is not a problem.
I am concerned you are a secretly switched clone.
Biopic aspects of your cannibalism will be in a court of law.
I see a hologram, it is an alien ship with caring crew of navigators.
There is a healthy twinkle in your beautiful eye.
There is unlimited humilation for the sin of your parents.
Laser beams or second sign goggles are an offense.
Reprogram the gestapo android, it is related to troubling fiasco.
The good aliens say if your galagy is not named Niong Freqquof you have failed.
I see the profiles of criminals displayed on electromagnitc invisible
messages in the car windows.
You are telling lies about your genetic code.
Are you a truly human female?
I order you to do one thing.  A grand show of benevolence across the galaxy.
Tell your leaders to allow soul ghosts to another plane of existence.
Your government is in a helium bubble of a top notch physics lab projector.
Get your friends a bunch of mental engergy pills, that might be a good
distraction.
The stare witches are secretly fantasizing about teleporting an
invisible mouth so that astral gases go in his mouth.
I am developing a chemical spray visible for bio magnetism.
Learn to look at the mechatronic spirits with your eyes open using aura vision.
It is time to gather in a circle, and wait for satellite transmissions
to the void of space.
You fill be cryo frozen with ray beams, magnetic fields, and power
crystals that help you feel less agony from the freezing process.
Put in some moldivite stones and red calcite that's not orangish in
its vibe or pink selfish so now that it is a sacred greave.
Tiny human, volunteer as a living specimen for our underground lab.
Prepare for astral travel, reincarnate as astral vibrations.
Begin turning a white feather in your hand at work to admit you are on
the right side concerning guarding the significant phatom spector.